KayaDev is a Bangalore based company that aims to provide fresh & efficient solutions
using cutting-edge technology, reliable processes and leverage emergent software
architecture. Founded by two Oregon State University graduates, Arul Dhamodaran and
Sibi Kabilan aim to establish a company that is at the forefront of innovation and
technology - enabling KayaDev and its clients to be revolutionary in the global arena. 
KayaDev and its diligent development team ache to offer our clients a complete range
of custom automation and data analytics services and work alongside them to develop
innovative, efficient and affordable solutions that meet the most stringent performance
requirements by deploying cutting-edge technologies.
Our development team is trained in cutting-edge technologies and boast extended
experience that helps Businesses create and use automated solutions that increases
their performance, efficiency and also take their processes to next level.
Our management team is built from solid experience as engineers for tech giants such
as Intel, HP, LG and more. Combined with our management and development team, we
ensure a crisp grasp of your business requirements combined with proper execution of the engineering designs.
We are a young, modern and efficiency-focused company that will leverage
emergent technologies to provide innovative, cutting-edge and affordable solutions.
We are your best bet for Business Automation, Data Analytics, and Big Data.
Client confidentiality is part of our prime directive, confidentiality clauses are
included as part of all our software development contracts. 
Address 34, 6th Main, Banaswadi Main Road, Banaswadi, Bangalore - 560043.
Contact Us KayaDev@gmail.com, 99##99##00.
Skills Technologies working On Python, Postgresql, Flask, Docker.
As a programming enthusiast at the core, Sibi is the brains behind the tech operations at KayaDev. 
A graduate of Oregon State University (USA), Sibi strived to start a Data Science firm that would be at the forefront of technology and leverage emergent paradigms. 
KayaDev is the culmination of Sibi’s passion for Data Science and immense motivation to start a firm that would set itself apart from competitors."
Sibi is Data Scientist and a Software architecture.He is a Movie Buff and Football Lover .